AI Usage Journal
Anneliese Leo
aleo3@terpmail.umd.edu
Section 0303

Week 1
This week I used AI while working on this weeks exercise to remind me how to use f strings. I did not use AI to complete or debug any of the exercise.
I used Chatgpt, but they did not have a link I could copy, but what I asked was "f strings in python" and it only gave me examples of how they are used/formatted.

Week 2
This week I used AI while working on this weeks exercise to refresh what I learned in class about the programming syntax and organization while writing conditionals and loops. Since I have only really done java before, but I find that java and python are pretty similar. I did not use AI to complete of debug any of the exercise.
I used Chatgpt, but they did not have a link that I could copy, but what I asked was "how is for loops and if statements written in python" and it showed me examples of code.

Week 3
This week I used Ai while working on this weeks exercise to debug a couple times when I had an error and I was kind of confused what the error was.
I used Chatgpt, but they did not have a link that I could copy, but I put the line of code that was giving error and I would explain to Chatgpt what the error was saying and it would make suggestions to what the error was, which was sometimes wrong, but at least I figured it out.

Week 4
This week I used AI while on working on this weeks exercise to debug a few times when was getting an error message that I could not figure out.
I used Chatgpt, but they don't have links to copy, but I would put in the function that was having an error and it would help point out to me what could be the error.

Week 5
This week I used AI while working on this week exercise assignment to debug a few time when I was getting an error, but didn't exactly understand what it was flagging, as well as helping me with formating in the beginning.
I used Chatgpt, but they don't have links that you can copy, but i would put in the function that was giving me error or to see if the formating made sense.

Week 6
This week I used Claude for the first time because I was curious about it after learning about Professor Dempwolf's project on it in class. I used it this week just to explore what it could do and how it responds to prompts.
I think I would use Claude again in the future especially to see what it can do compared to other AI models. Besides trying out Claude I did use Chatgpt to assist with debugging, but they don't give shareable links. However I just put in a segment of code that was having problems to see if it could identify what I was doing wrong.

Week 7
This week I used AI to help me better understand what we learned in class and to apply it this week's exercise.
I used Chatgpt, but they don't provide links that you can copy your conversation but I basically used it to understand custom exceptions.

Week 8
This week I used AI to help me understand inheritance a bit better and it helped solve an error for me that I couldn't understand. 
I used Chatgpt, but they don't provide shareable links, but I basically put in the line of code and asked it to help me find the error.

Week 9
This week I used AI to help me understand polymorphism and abstract classes a bit more. I also used it to show me example and how they could be used.
I used Chatgpt, but they don't have shareable links, but I basically asked it to give me examples of how these would be used in code and in what instances.

Week 10
This week I used AI to understand compostition and inheritence a bit more and in what circumstances you would use each for. Additionally, I use AI to help me debug a few time in the weekly exercise.
I used Chatgpt, but they do not provide shareable links, but I basically asked it exampes of instances you would use composition or inheritance for. Regarding debugging I put in the segement of code that was giving me errors to see if it would help me resolve it.

Week 12
This week I used AI to understand testing and system architeture more. I also used AI to help me debug a section of my code for the project.
I used Chatgpt, but they don't have shareable links, but I basically asked it to give me some sample of when testing and system architecture are good (not in this wording and not at the same time). For the debugging part I put in the section of code to see if it could see what I missed and fix the error.

Week 14
